more power but still a lower consumption
These are the cornerstones of the new Mercedes CL 63 enter
however, the model designations are somewhat misleading
because the previous 603 liters intake manifold 8
is replaced by a 5 point 5 liter biturbo-v8
The new engine, which is basically called the 157, combines gasoline direct injection
with a double gate where charging
Other highlights include a crankcase from Holland nomination
a here valve technology with camshaft adjustment
an air-water intercooling and a start-stop function
from 5461 cubic centimeters and the aggregate for
and a maximum torque of 800 Newton meters
in conjunction with the optional all the Performance Package
The figures even increase to 571 hp and 900 minutes
The main difference between the two performance levels is that of 1 point
Zero at one point 3 bar increased maximum boost pressure
and a motor cover with carbon fiber applications
the power transmission
Do not pursue your own Speedshift MCT 7-speed sports transmission
The combination of the new CL 63 is intended to be achieved despite a higher performance
of up to 46 hp
by 3 95 the frugal fails as the predecessor and deals with only
average 10 4 5 liters of super pleasure
Nevertheless, the performance is at a high level
and here comes 5 seconds from the state to 100 km
the top speed is on 250 germ grinning
with the allegedly before Mans Packages are even 300 kWh possible
Visually, the CL 63 comes in like all CL in the enjoyment of a facelift
In particular, the bonnet was redesigned the headlights and the
Grille but also the tail lights
The Titanium Gray are freshly lacquered and brightly polished
Alloy wheels in the triple spokes to be the
with 2 0 55 yards or 2 of a 75 tires
In addition, there is the possibility of the car by carbon fiber elements from the
supposedly ennoble forms studio
The price for the Mercedes CL 63 is 160 thousand, the 769 euros